1. Product name : KOHLER K-9245-CP 2.5 GPM Moxie Showerhead and Wireless Speaker, Polished Chrome
   Brand : Kohler
   Manufacturer : kohler  
   Description : Showering has never been so fun. 
   Moxie lets you stream your favorite music, news or talk radio right in the shower with you. 
   The Moxie showerhead holds a portable speaker that pairs wirelessly with devices enabled with BLUETOOTH technology to deliver high-quality audio to your shower. The speaker docks directly into the showerhead, so your music is closer than ever when showering. While it plays your favorite sounds, this revolutionary showerhead generates a full-coverage, revitalizing spray of water for a sensory experience like no other. Moxie is easy to install and use; the wireless speaker pops out for recharging, then securely pops back in for use while showering. 
   You can even take it with you as a wireless speaker to use in any room of the house, or on the go.
   Price : R1605


2. Product name: Omasa Wash basin mixer tap
   Brand : Omasa
   Manufac :Omasa
   Descritpion : Luxury high technology smart faucet digital basin faucet black
   Price : R3 150

3. Product name: Pingo smart toilet SL
Brand: pingo
Manu : Hefei pingo
Price: R7200
Description : Tankless Automatic Opening smart toilet Electric Full function Intelligent Toilet

4.Product name Moen TS3302TB U Shower Smart Home Connected Bathroom Controller, 2-Outlet Digital Wall Mounted, Terra Beige
  Brand : Moen
  Description : U by Moen shower changes showering forever with a cloud-based, app-driven shower. This next-generation digital showering technology provides you with countless ways to create your ideal showering experience with the push of a button on the sleek controller or a tap of the app on your smartphone. U by Moen shower gives you previously unseen personalization options, perfectly tailored to your needs, such as warming up their shower from the app while still in bed, knowing the water will pause at your preset temperature until you’re ready to step inside. With up to 12 personalized presets including name, greeting, outlets used, water temperature, shower timer and notifications, the U by Moen smartphone app offers the ultimate in customization and control. The compact design of the systems digital valve makes installation easy and flexible, with an optional battery backup, all backed by moen’s limited lifetime warranty.
   Price R5399.85
 Manu : Moen


5.